Chore/improve readme (#51)
lblod/app-decide: README.md

# DECIDe 

> This repository contains all configuration to get the DECIDe microservices stack running. It is very much a work in progress. Below, documentation is provided for each use case.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains all configuration to get the DECIDe microservices stack running. It is very much a work in progress. Documentation for each use case is provided below.
```

1. Mac has an arm64 processor, a lot of the services don't have a multi-platform image. In the case they only have a amd64 image, docker will gave you a warning about this. In general this is not a real problem since your macbook can just emulate amd64, but still the warnings are annoying, so these are suppressed.
2. At the moment this project was setup the service mu-identifier weren't working for mac (at least on my device), so you have to build these yourself, and gave them the appropriate image name and tag.

## Use cases

> This README focuses on which services are needed to accomplish the DECIDE use cases. This way, a city can choose which services are desired to reuse for its own use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DECIDe project is designed to address a set of pre-defined use cases. This README outlines each service individually, allowing cities to select and deploy only the specific components required for their unique needs.
```

> For all use cases, the core Semantic.Works services listed at the top of the `docker-compose.yml` file are needed, in addition with the generic pipeline components to run pipelines. To configure the dashboard to run pipelines, see [below](##configuring-the-dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The services defined at the top of the `docker-compose.yml` file are the core _Semantic.Works_ services required for running the project. In addition to the core service, we also need the generic pipeline components to run the pipelines. To configure the dashboard for your pipelines, see [below](##configuring-the-dashboard).
```

In DECIDe, four use cases are defined. The first use case (0.0) is about converting and publishing decisions with Linked Data standards so these can be reused interoperable in the data space. The three other use cases (0.1, 1, and 2) are AI-enabled services to enrich the decisions with related things, such as policies, themes, and locations.

### Use Case 0.0: Building up the Data Space

> This use case retrieves decisions from a data source, and maps the decisions to the European Legislation Identifier (ELI) standard. For each city, a specific conversion pipeline is defined, because the input data sources are heterogeneous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case retrieves decisions from a data source, and maps the decisions to the European Legislation Identifier (ELI) standard. Because the input data sources are heterogeneous a specific conversion pipeline is defined for each city.
```

      DCR_DISABLE_DELTA_INGEST: false
```

> Note: the AI services (used in the other use cases) will be made configurable to directly work with OSLO-compliant data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the AI services (used in the other use cases) will be configurable so they can directly work with OSLO-compliant data
```

#### OParl (Freiburg)

The OParl to ELI pipeline consists of multiple services. The main service is the `oparl-to-eli` service, which scrapes all pages from an OParl API, transforms to ELI, and writes to files for further processing.
Next, the `harvest_singleton-job` service is used to prevent overlapping harvest rounds. The `harvest_sameas` service is used for two things: adding a local identifier (UUID) to each OParl entity, and importing the data in the triple store. The `harvest_diff` generates which triples are deleted, or new to make sure the triple store is in sync with the OParl source.

To start the OParl pipeline, create a "Harvest OParl API & Publish as ELI" job in the pipeline dashboard. Only an "URL" parameter is required. This can be the root OParl URL (`https://ris.freiburg.de/oparl`), or a more specific OParl URL (`https://ris.freiburg.de/oparl/Body/FR/paper`).

#### PDF (Bamberg)

> The PDF to ELI pipeline requires three services. The `harvest_singleton-job` service is used, similar to the other pipelines, to guarantee a data source is harvested only once simultaneously. The `pdf-content` service reads a remote or local PDF file, extracts the content of the PDF, and creates ELI entities (Work/Expression/Manifestation) in the triple store. The `apache-tika` service 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PDF to ELI pipeline requires three services. The `harvest_singleton-job` service is used, similar to the other pipelines, to guarantee a data source is harvested only once. The `pdf-content` service reads a remote or local PDF file, extracts the content of the PDF, and creates ELI entities (Work/Expression/Manifestation) in the triple store. The `apache-tika` service is used by the `pdf-content` service that is responsible for extracting text from a PDF.
```

In the pipeline dashboard, create a "Harvest PDF & Publish as ELI" pipeline. The URL parameter needs to be provided with a URL resolving with a PDF.

> Later, a PDF pipeline will be added to harvest all PDFs from a website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future a PDF pipeline will be added to harvest all PDFs from a website.
